Our team at Mickorp. Inc is very excited to announce a new innovation in the field of offline gaming. Over the past few days our team has worked diligently to design, develop, fine-tune and publish what might be the most important technology in your lifetime. But what is the product? Ask yourself, what was previously the most commonly played offline game that took the world by storm, sparking joy in many and anger in others. The Google Chrome dinosaur game. When designing this innovative product, we went back all the way back to 2014 and got inspired by this old classic and added some new features. You know what sucked about the dino game? Clicking. Thats right. The modern gamer has grown so lazy that just clicking is too much exercise. Why can't you control it with your voice? That's where we step in, introducing the Joe Jump Game. Improving on past brilliance and adding fresh energy to our product using memes, we have developed the dino game, but instead of clicking you yell **JOE** at your computer and maybe, just maybe, it responds quickly enough to jump. If not, you bump into a cactus and hear one of our underpaid employees say "Joe Mama" with nothing short of infinite excitement. You can try it on https://joe-jump.glitch.me/ for 0 dollars, 0 cents and half of your dignity. Great deal!

# This is the dino game, but instead of clicking, the dino jumps when you say Joe.
Achieved with the Web Speech API, which unfortunately means it only works on Google Chrome. The game includes a score, a high score stored in local storage (which is perfect since you can't switch browsers), and events to stop and start the game. It's more or less a joke but let's be serious, who wouldn't want to play this :)
PS: It is obvious, that a delay is going to be a part of this game, since the server response from Google will never be instant. Keep that in mind. Also, unlike what the teaser says, it's not actually offline, the Web Speech API recognizes your voice by sending packets to Google's servers.
